Github ghe (#8969)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/connect-github.md

- Clone repos using HTTPS rather than SSH.
- Trigger [Continuous integration](/docs/deploy/continuous-integration)(CI) builds when pull requests are opened in GitHub.

:::note GitHub Enterprise Cloud (`ghe.com`) domains

> If your organization uses GitHub Enterprise Cloud with a `ghe.com` domain, native GitHub App connectivity can vary based on your <Constant name="dbt" /> account topology and networking setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization uses GitHub Enterprise Cloud hosted on a `ghe.com` domain, native GitHub App connectivity is not supported. Note that `ghe.com` accounts are cloud-managed (not on-premises), but this limitation still applies.
```

> If you can't complete the native GitHub connection flow, use [importing a project by git URL](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) with SSH/deploy keys instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect a ghe.com-hosted repository, use [importing a project by git URL](/docs/cloud/git/import-a-project-by-git-url) with SSH/deploy keys instead. Note that your organization's SSH URL configuration may require additional steps.
```

> Some native integration features are limited when using the git URL method. For environment-specific guidance, contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or your <Constant name="dbt" /> account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some native integration features are unavailable when using the git URL method. For additional help with your specific setup, contact [dbt Support](mailto:support@getdbt.com) or your <Constant name="dbt" /> account team.
```
